Today we're going to be looking at how
to use a powerful distilled model of
Claude Opus called GLM 4.7/C Claude
Opus. You can run it locally for free.
It's an open- source model that's just
dropped on hugging face that brings
Claude Opus 4.5 level reasoning to your
own computer. So there's no API keys, no
subscriptions, no data leaving your
machine. Um, and you don't need to pay
for this as well, right? And this is
basically GLM 4.7 flash. We've claude
opus 4.5 high reasoning. And today we're
breaking down exactly what it is,
running it live, and showing you what
that means for your business. Now, most
people think that the best AI tools are
expensive. They think local AI is slow,
buggy, and only for developers who enjoy
staring at error messages at 2 A.M. They
think claude level reasoning on their
own laptop is a fantasy. Wrong, wrong,
wrong. This model dropped a couple of
days ago on Hugging Face. tons of
downloads already and the open source
community found you can see Huggase have
tweeted about it right here. There's
actually a bunch of different versions
of this. You don't have to use this
version like this. There's loads of
different options for using this stuff.
And um the way that you can start
running it is with something called LM
Studio. Right now LM Studio basically
allows you to run hugging face models
directly on your on your computer on
your laptop. So you can download it
right here and then once you've done
that you can actually install it and
download the model itself. Let me show
you how to do that. But before we do,
what you're going to learn today is what
this model actually is and why the
timing matters. How knowledge
distillation works and why it changes
the free AI game forever. The distilled
edge frameworks, how to run this model
and get real results from it in your
business. A full 30-day road map from
downloading the model to using every
single day. And every belief that is
keeping you stuck on other stuff, right?
As well as 100 copy and paste prompts
you can use today. So stay until the end
and we'll show you why this is
different. So
this is LM Studio and here's how you can
get access to this model. All right, so
you can see us using it right here.
Right, we are using GLM 4.7 flash claude
on 4.5 Opus. Okay, sounds confusing but
basically it's just GLM flash running a
distilled version of Claude Opus. Right
now the way this works if we have a look
inside the model section is you can go
and download this over here. Right. So
if you type in model search you type in
GLM 4.7 flash uh or GLM 4.7 Opus you can
see all these different versions of of
Claude Opus Distilled. Right now
basically what these are are like
models that are running this locally.
Right. So essentially GLM 4.7 flash is
like the base model that was built by Z
AI. It's a 30 billion parameters uses a
mixture of experts architecture. It
basically just means it only activates
parts of the um parameters that it needs
for each task. Right? So it's fast and
it's efficient when you're running it
locally. Now Claude Opus 4.5 high still
is the upgrade. Right? So basically what
it does is a researcher takes about 250
examples of Claude Opus 4.5 working
through hard problems with the reasoning
mode set to maximum. So then it uses
those examples to train GLM 4.7 to think
the same way. So it's inspired by Claude
Opus and this process is known as
knowledge distillation. So think of it
like this, right? As a master craftsman
who has spent decades sharpening one
skill. You study 250 of his best
sessions. You build a training system
from exactly those sessions. The student
who follows that system starts thinking
and operating like someone who trained
under the master directly. And that's
essentially what happened here. So
Claude Opus 4.5 and maximum reasoning is
a master. GLM 4.7 flash is a student and
there's 250 carefully selected high
reasoning examples as the curriculum. So
essentially that's how it works step by
step. Now if you want to get access to
this you can just download any of the
options right here. You can see how many
downloads each one got. So for example
this one had 90,000 downloads. We've
already downloaded it. It's 18 GB. So it
is quite big. And if you're wondering
okay what's my setup? So I'm running
this on a Mac studio. And if we click on
use in a new chat, we can basically host
this model. So you can see it's loading
right there. And then we can get access
to this, right? So if we have a look
here inside the chat, you can see us
using this model like so. And I'm going
to be 100% honest with you cuz I you
know me, I'm I'm just I'm going to tell
you the truth. Do I think this is as
good as something like Claude Opus 4.5?
No. But it is very interesting to see
how powerful local models like this are
developing. Also bear in mind that you
can use local models with other AI
agents. So you can use this to power for
example something like open claw
directly. So super powerful model super
interesting and essentially that's how
it works step by step. So what I'd
recommend using is something I call the
distilled edge framework and this is how
to think about using a local LM. Right?
So answers three questions. Number one,
what task should I run through my local
model? Right? A local model is really
best for tasks where the input maybe it
contains data you don't want on a cloud
server. You need to run the same task
repeatedly at volume without paying for
tokens. Speed is important more than
quality and also you want to experiment
and iterate. Right now you might be
thinking okay what should I use cloud
models for? Cloud models are best where
the highest possible quality is
non-negotiable complex multi-step
reasoning chains the push limits of 30
billion parameter model and tasks that
require real-time web access as well.
And then you might also be thinking okay
well how do I get the best output from a
local model? Well, local models respond
to the same prompting principles as
cloud models, but they reward clarity
even more. Just to be clear here. So, a
local model is something that you would
run through LM Studio. A cloud model
would be, for example, like just going
to claw AI directly. So, that's
basically the model here. I mean, for
example, what we could actually do is
you could use this as like a basic
chatbot. You could use it to build like
basic HTML websites and that sort of
thing. You could, for example, use it
for like productivity ideas or or
looking at different ways you can
automate stuff. We actually have a
30-day road map inside video notes in
the AR profit boardroom as you can see
right here if you just want to learn
exactly how to master LM Studio and this
sort of stuff. But basically, the main
thing to note here is like this is a
powerful way to run a great model and
you can run it with LM Studio directly
through a Mac Studio or whatever you
want. And I've also got 100 prompts
inside the video notes from today as
well. So you can start using this. But
that's basically it. So all you do is
you would go to LM Studio, download that
for free, then you can download the
models of hugging face for free and then
you can just start a new chat and you're
good to go like I've shown you today. So
thanks so much for watching. If you
haven't already, feel free to check out
the AI profit boardroom link in the
comments description. We actually have
tons of training on O Lama inside here
as well as LM Studio. So, if you like
local models, then you'll love the
training inside here. You can see, for
example, recently we covered Neatron 3
Super, which is an open- source model
from Nvidia, and we show you exactly how
to run it directly with OAM, as well as
running it directly with Open Claw,
which is pretty cool. Also, we show you,
for example, how to use Claude Code with
OAM, and we walk you through the whole
process and the setup um inside this
video, plus step-by-step guide right
here. So if you want to learn more about
local AI models and exactly how they
work etc then you can follow the
processes inside there. So feel free to
get that link in the comments
description to the AR profit boardroom.
This has an amazing community weekly
video coaching calls all my best
trainings inside the classroom and you
can also connect with me personally
inside there too. Hope to see you on the
next one. Cheers for watching.